feat(pdk): reimplement plugin queues (#10172)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

  The parameter `absolute_timeout` has a default value of `86400`: unless configured differently,
  sessions expire after 86400 seconds (24 hours).
  [#10199](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10199)

> - **http-log, statsd, opentelemetry, datadog**: The queueing system

Reviewer: should move to `Unreleased` section.

>   has been reworked, causing some plugin parameters to be
>   deprecated and new parameters to be added.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  has been reworked, causing some plugin parameters to not
  function as expected anymore and new parameters to be added.
```

Please move this to the "breaking changes" section (create one if one doesn't exist) and work with @lena-larionova to create a docs page and link to it based on [this](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/pull/5088#issuecomment-1489270111) comment.

>   has been reworked, causing a some plugin parameters to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  has been reworked, causing some plugin parameters to be
```

- Fixed an issue for tracing PDK where sample rate does not work.
  [#10485](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10485)

### Breaking Changes

#### Plugins

- **http-log, statsd, opentelemetry, datadog**: The queueing system
  has been reworked, causing some plugin parameters to not

>   function as expected anymorechem and new parameters to be added.  The

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  function as expected anymore. If you use queues on these plugin, new parameters must be configured.  Additionally, the
```

  module `kong.tools.batch_queue` has been renamed to `kong.tools.batch`

>   in the process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  in the process and requires you to do foo bar. Please note that the API for the old and new Lua module are different.
```

Reviewer 2: ping @hanshuebner

Author: The CHANGELOG entry will be updated with a link to the blog post describing the queueing changes once that is done.
